Update operator-advanced.md (#27524)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/guide/operator-advanced.md

## Deploy the Datadog Operator

> To facilitate the command execution, we recommend defining an environment variable called `DD_NAMESPACE` in your shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate the command execution, define an environment variable called `DD_NAMESPACE` in your shell.
```
Since the instructions below rely on the existence of the variable, I think it's most straightforward to just tell the user to set it up.
